♪
The world's worst
puppet masters.
You're showing your faces now?
Your ugly mugs looked better
behind the curtain.
You won't be getting any mercy
this time around.
In Japan, we fought
on your turf.
In Ente Isla, we've got
celestial force to spare!
You don't stand a chance
against us here, demon scum!
[MAOU]
Risky game.
It's best to save the
trash talk until the end.
Now it's going to be even more
embarrassing when you lose.
Remember,
I am the Demon King after all.
My bullying game is top tier!
We'll see who will be bullying
who soon enough.
[MAOU]
Joining us, Gabey?
I mean, if you're
gonna ask so nicely,
guess so.
And, you?
Satan! Satan! Satan!
[MAOU]
Eh, should've seen that coming.
[RAGUEL] It's our job
to take the demon trash
out of Ente Isla for good.
It's become a matter
of Heaven's safety.
[MAOU] I hate to break
the news to ya, but...
Emi beat you to it.
She decimated
demon-kind minutes ago!
It was a full-scale production!
Try harder if you want your
puppet show to compete.
There's the Maou I know.
[grunts]
-Ready, baby?
-Yup!
I can't say your betrayal
bothers me much,
but siding with Satan is
a spit in the face to humanity.
You ready to
make that statement
with so many witnesses around?
The more that you open
your big mouth,
the more pitiful
you prove to be.
Take a note from your bro,
Sariel's book.
He's a hopeless perv, but
he's not riding any coattails.
I respect him way more than a
cowardly chicken like you.
Emi, you keep out of this.
Stay right there.
[growling]
Saint Aire's the place to be!
Because right
behind those doors--
-You're done!
-[gasps]
[SUZUNO]
Stop at once!
You have entered into this
apostasy trial most unlawfully.
In the name of Crestia Bel,
I call you to halt
your proceedings!
At last!
My heroes!
♪
[crashing]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
Maou-Maou!
I told you to stay there!
Focus on protecting your dad!
[grunts]
My Lord, that way.
Right.
[both grunting]
Satan. Satan! Satan! Satan!
Now's not a good time, dude!
[SUZUNO] You blundering fool,
what did you do?
[MAOU]
It's your fault.
You guys were taking forever!
We ran into
some trouble of our own.
Despite all odds,
we were able to
make it back here
with the good Emerada's
angelic quill.
Pray tell.
Why is the volunteer army
toppled like dominos
in front of the Cloud Retreat?
Satan! Kill. Kill...
Things might've
gotten a little messy.
-[CHAMUEL] Kill!
-[grunts]
Don't worry about it, though.
The scooters took a hit.
But I'll pick up some
extra shifts and pay you back.
They're totaled?
Those belonged
to me, you louse!
Goodness!
You realize the Emperor-Unifier
was in there, right?
[MAOU]
Nope, that was Emilia's dad.
-And we already bailed him out.
-[SUZUNO] What?!
Where's the Emperor, then?
Pay attention!
You're gonna want
those eyes on me!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[thuds]
I've arranged for Libicocco
to deliver the
Emperor-Unifier to you.
He's in your hands.
Hold on. What do you mean?
Where is he?
I don't understand!
Huh?
[gasps]
I don't think I can watch this.
Hm?
Whoa. Smelly.
Learn some boundaries!
Is this a for-real
shard of Yesod?
Just the thing we need!
-Aw. This one's not gonna
work for me. -[grunts]
It's been exposed to
way too much celestial force.
Huh?
[EMI]
Wait a sec.
Does that mean Ashiya has one?
Angry. Go time.
[grunts]
Watch yourself.
Heavenly Regiment incoming!
Dammit.
[grunting]
[SUZUNO]
Light of Iron!
I don't know what's going on,
but I shall assist!
[growling]
[grunts]
-You good?
-Peachy, Sire.
[EMI]
I don't get the details.
But you're basically saying
a shard exposed to magic
instead of celestial force
-will work for you?
-Uh-huh.
I mean, I think it
should, anyway!
Wait here.
[grunts]
Hm?
Stop that!
Our dance is over!
C'mon, just go with it!
That's a--
Huh?
Here, Maou!
-Okay?
-We're good to go!
-[gasps]
-Hey!
The hell you think
you're doing?
I just solved
my tummy problems.
I hope. Pray for no puke!
Huh?!
Careful, Sire.
[MAOU]
Thanks, Emi.
Huh?
This shard has been exposed
to magic for a long time.
I guess that makes it easier
for Acieth to adapt to me.
[laughing]
-Well, Maou? Let's kick...
-Some ass.
♪
[gasps]
Is that Better Half?
You're pissing me off.
You've kicked around
my friends, my subordinates.
My citizens.
And even the humans that I
plan to rule for long enough.
Don't think for half a second
that I'll show you buffoons
a lick of mercy!
Right back atcha!
I'm real sick of dealing
with your crap.
Satan, today is the day
you die!
Fat chance!
Have fun in hell,
godforsaken angels!
[grunting]
He got his hands on
another sacred sword?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Acieth's my lil' sissy.
Wait. Little sis?
Yeah! Smart Mama.
Sissy is the other half
of Yesod!
"Other half?"
So it's still a sacred sword?
How can he use it?
And why is it
putting out magic?
It seems to me that not
every single shard of Yesod
derives its power
from celestial force.
Huh?
We've been looking at them
the wrong way.
Until now,
we thought the sephiroth
were something they aren't.
Neither Alas Ramus
and your sword,
nor Sire's sword
and his new friend,
are by any means
what we call 'sacred"
Yeah, Yesod
is more like branches!
And they tie life to life
and heart to heart.
Though sissy and I were apart,
we were together whole time!
So, you connect hearts, huh?
Come on! Go, Dada!
How? That sword he's wielding
is clearly sacred!
I'm glad to see you in
good health, Father Olba.
I thought we'd never meet again
after you disappeared
from Japan.
Imagine my surprise
to find you in Efzahan.
Great. You're here.
Unfortunately,
I cannot take any time
to rejoice in this reunion,
for it is my sworn duty
to judge you
for your rather
undeniable sins.
Now, good leaders of
the Malebranche.
In this moment alone,
I issue you an order as
Demon General Crestia Bel,
-of the new Devil's army.
-Huh?
What?
A "Demon General," she says?
Explain. What is this lunacy?
Hold, Barbariccia.
Tell us.
What is this order
that you intend to give?
Quietly go along
with everything
that's about to unfold.
If you do that,
King Satan will forgive
your unauthorized actions.
And allow you to return
to the good Camio.
Wait. Can it be that a
mere human knows Camio?
Very well.
We have no alternative
but to heed your every order,
new general.
Our foolishness
is unforgivable.
There is no excuse
that we can make.
We allowed ourselves
to be deceived by Olba
and his Heavenly allies.
It cost us
many of our brethren.
These are consequences
we must face.
Now, what is the
meaning of this, Crestia Bel?
Explain!
My wishes have not changed
since the day
we first met, Olba.
It's simple.
All I want is to build a world
where our people can walk in
the light of faith and justice,
and where safety
need not be earned,
but is granted.
Huh. Perhaps my time in Japan
has changed me.
I finally gained
the strength of heart
to work toward that world.
Those are genuine angels
flying overhead!
Ally yourself with
the Devil and Emilia,
and you'll be betraying Heaven,
Ente Isla,
and the angels above us!
I never thought I'd hear
such words from you.
You're sorely mistaken, Olba.
For in the world I know,
there are no genuine angels.
[gasps]
Though they may call themselves
Gabriel, Chamuel, and Raguel,
they're ordinary humans!
If powerful people
who grow wings
get to declare
themselves angels,
so be it!
I'll take a quick trip
to Tokyo Hand
and pick up costume wings.
Then I shall gladly
join their ranks!
[indistinct murmuring]
Eight Scarves knights
who volunteered
to fight for justice,
I understand your confusion,
but everything that I have
told you today is the truth!
As I speak to you,
two gallant heroes
fight overhead.
Using their sacred swords to
punish the demons
who have brought a
second age of terror
upon your great empire.
Who have betrayed Efzahan!
[MALE SOLDIER 224E]
She's saying...
[MALE SOLDIER 224F]
That they're "demons?"
Silence!
What are you playing at?
Don't blame Alciel, and
don't blame the Malebranche
for inviting this chaos
into your precious home.
There's proof
they aren't the culprits.
And we must ask
the Emperor-Unifier
to bring that
evidence to light.
Hm?
[exclaiming]
[SOLDIERS]
Sire!
Hello, Olba!
You're looking healthy.
It's been too long, old man.
Huh? What is this.
[gasps]
Hey, attention here, please!
Come, now. It's important!
Listen to her.
All she says is the truth.
I've seen it.
I need you to believe me.
That man, Alciel...is good.
He protected me.
Tried to keep my knights
from committing
senseless violence
in the name of a cause
that they never
truly understood
nor believed in.
[gasping]
Now is not the time to mistake
the enemy.
Gather under the
sacred sword, gentlemen.
And show the heavens
just how mighty
our proud nation
of Efzahan can be!
[SOLDIERS]
Yes, Sire!
It is an honor, your Majesty.
I, Crestia Bel,
lead investigator of the
Grand Hoshin Church's
Doctrinal Correction Council
have heard your words.
As has High Priest Olba.
You don't speak for me.
Stop that.
Some poor souls
just don't know when to quit.
The game's over, Father.
You might not have
lived like a human,
but you'll die like one.
[sighs]
As the Correction Council's
highest inquisitor,
I deliver this verdict.
Mind those who wield
sacred swords,
for their enemies
are our enemies, too.
Your foes are the apostates
calling themselves angels!
Dada!
I'm going to have to go
harder than usual.
Sorry.
My little girl's watching!
[grunts]
[screams]
Satan. Satan.
You need to find your peace,
man.
Your antsy pants
won't get us anywhere.
Satan. Kill Satan!
Kill Satan! Kill Satan.
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[crashing]
Stay put!
Whoa, there. Cool it, bucko.
-[growls]
-Ah!
[crashing]
Sheesh! Let's be sweet!
Don't forget about all that
valuable info I gave you.
Maybe you could
pull your punches a teeny bit?
I'm not wringing your neck,
am I?
Consider that kindness a favor.
I could kill you right here.
But I think
I'll bring you to Japan,
where you're gonna spill
every little thing you know!
What a disaster.
You folks made quite a mess.
Wait a second.
I thought the Church
was holding you captive
for some kinda
trial or something.
They were,
until Al and Bel rescued me!
I'd say you're well worth
getting behind schedule for.
[EMERADA] Naughty rats
overtook the Church mice!
But don't worry,
we kicked them out
of our humble nest
before they got
too comfortable!
Good.
Emilia,
please fight for your
own sake from now on.
This world will carry on fine
without its Hero.
What's more, you know,
no matter what
you get yourself into,
Al and I have your back!
[LIBICOCCO]
Human,
I haven't the slightest idea
what you will do next,
but don't die.
I pray the next time
you and I meet,
we'll have the pleasure
of not being positioned
on opposite sides
of a battlefield.
Whatever you say.
You humans!
Not a single one of you
makes any sense at all.
Neither do you.
[SUZUNO] The more time
I spend with demons,
the less I understand them.
-Do you have a second?
-Sure.
I feel like I owe you a better
apology for all that went down.
You mean with the Malebranche?
Uh-huh.
It's just,
I realized I don't
have the right
to blame you for
what happened with--
You shouldn't be
worrying about that stuff.
It's in the past.
[gasps]
We've both done our fair share
of questionable things.
You were doing
your job as Hero,
I was doing mine as the Devil.
Don't try to make it
more complicated than that.
[gasps]
♪
Nothing that's happened here
has changed our relationship
even a bit.
And anyway,
there are a couple
of other people
that you owe way
bigger apologies to.
-Chi, and your girl, Rika.
-[gasps]
Oh, and just so you know,
I already picked out
a birthday gift for Chi.
I doubt you got
her anything, huh?
[sighs]
Come on, dude,
you know she's gotta
already be feeling down!
Hm...
Hello?
You're supposed to be a jerk
back to me.
I'm not a fan of
this new emo era.
Jeez. I guess you must've
had it really hard.
Just give 'em hugs
when we get back to Japan.
They'll want to hear
all about your big adventure.
You know,
they're your friends, right?
So they'll understand
You're right.
♪
[phone buzzing]
[gasps]
[panting]
Mister Maou!
Whoa! Didn't waste any time,
did you?
-Chiho!
-Hi, Chi-mi!
I missed you!
It's okay. We're home.
I'm so glad that you're okay.
Like, so glad.
Super-duper so glad!
-I'm sorry I worried you.
-[sobbing]
No more sad!
No crying, Chi-mi!
You're right, cutie.
♪
Welcome home, you guys!
And here!
It's nice and cold for you!
Thanks, Chi.
Tank you!
[ASHIYA]
Much appreciated.
[SUZUNO]
Many thanks.
-[grumbling]
-[sighs]
Might have lost the sick horns,
but I'm glad to be back.
[giggling]
[TSUBASA]
I'm starving!
Is there anything
to eat around here?
Only for people with manners.
Urushihara.
Did anything happen
while we were away?
Yeah, no.
It does appear that
you finally learned
to brew fresh tea
once you finish the pitcher.
[knocking]
Come in.
Hello there, boys.
[gasps]
Hey, you two!
What a surprise.
Welcome back.
Glad to see you're all okay.
Mister Ashiya.
I need a strapping young man
like you to do me a favor,
and carry this other
strapping young man
over to my house.
Y-Yes, ma'am!
Consider it done!
Where's Nord?
Busy resting up in the
empty room downstairs.
He's looking better,
but is still dead asleep.
Yusa is keeping an eye on him.
[AMANE]
Uh, that other chick, too.
-[door opens]
-Hm?
Hey, there you are.
Rika.
I-I, uh.
Slow your roll.
There are a few things
that I need to say.
I come bearing some good news
and some bad news.
Whatcha wanna hear first?
Hah, I've always wanted
a chance to say that!
I don't know.
I guess I'll start
with the bad news?
Here goes.
About work...
you're kinda fired.
The floor leader tried
to go to bat for you,
but there was no defending
a month of radio silence
and unexcused absences.
Gotcha.
Guess that makes sense.
[RIKA]
Moving on,
over to that good news
I mentioned.
Oh. Right. What's that?
I am giving you the power
to choose what I call you.
I figured that would only
be fair, Lady Emilia Justina.
Uh?
Rika.
You know?
Hold the waterworks.
I'm the one who gets to cry.
[RIKA]
A bunch of super freaky stuff
has happened to me
in the past month.
All because
I'm friends with you.
I've cried a ton, actually.
I've been scared
out of my mind.
But, you know,
if there's anything
I'd like an apology for,
that jump scare crap
you got me into is about it.
Did I ever tell you?
That I swam at the
National Athletic Meet
back in high school?
Uh, not yet.
That's news to me.
Would've been way cooler if
I didn't lose in the prelims.
One time,
back in middle school,
these nasty bullies
came up with the idea
to call me Ri-cockroach.
Can't say I appreciated
having "cock"
or "roach" attached
to my name.
All that I'm trying to say is,
unless you ask,
you never get many chances
to hear about a friend's past.
Your backstory happens to be a
little more unusual than most,
but so what?
Rika...
the only thing that matters
to me is that we can hang out
and be ourselves.
And maybe grab tea together
after work now and then.
Ooh! That last part
may be a little tricky
since you got fired, but, hey.
Well,
that's all you have to do
to be my friend.
So, are you in?
Tea is way more important
than pasts.
I'm in.
I'm in!
Hey, don't go crying on me!
That's the one thing
I won't allow!
Looks like your dad
still hasn't woken up...
you should really be saving
your tears for the big reunion.
I'm proud of you
for making it this far.
Stay strong.
I'm sure he'll wake up soon.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Emilia.
You're all right.
[gasps]
Is this...
a dream?
Uh-uh, this is real life!
I'm right here!
I missed you, Dad!
I'm so glad you're okay!
It's been way too long
since we've had a big family
dinner like this,
dontcha think?
It's getting crowded in here.
If it's space you desire,
you could stow some
clutter in the closet.
Someone say clutter?
-Me?
-Yep!
-Really?
-Hmm.
Uh. Urushihara!
You binge-shopped
at that dreadful Jungle.co?
It's like a birthday party
with packages and everything!
With tofu and ginger bud
instead of cake.
-Yum! Ginger bud!
-We already did that bit!